# CS250
The Sprint Review and Retrospective .docx and .pptx are meant to display the cumulative knowledge of the Scrum-agile method over the course of CS-250.

The forefront of the agile method is accoutning for user needs, as the end users are the demographic that will be utilizing the end product upon its completion. By creating "user stories", the desirable elements and functions of the software are laid out in a manner that pertains to one specific interviewee and what they would like to see from the software. By compiling multiple user stories, the team is given evidence of what is desirable in what the software should do, how it should feel to use, and what it should look like. By basing the development process on these stories, there is a more clear path as to how the code should be developed and what it should include in order to release a software that successfully fulfills the needs of many. Considering user stories are based on the accounts of actual potential end users, this also gives the development team a more personal and in depth connection with potential end users without directly communicating with them.

In future endeavors, I imagine the knowledge of Scrum-agile will prove useful upon transcending a student of computer science and moving on to an actual development team. Being that agile has become prominent in is useage in development careers, many of the learned principles will likely be incorporated into my own future development processes. Elements like user stories and test cases will be paramount in order to determine what is required of a product and how to develop such a product in order to satisfy the users that will utilize it in the long run. Other elements such as daily Scrum and information radiators are also important to keep in mind, as they reinforce the notion of being a part of a greater whole. These communication practices, among others, are integral to being part of a development team, as communication is the basis of a good team and being a successful team member. During the agile process, many different members of the team are working on different, individual tasks at all times; having open communication and participating in this oppenness is fundamental to every team member being on the same page and not being left in the dark. Without proper communication and adherence to agile principles, it's possible for a team member to not get the assistance they need, which can ultimately lead to a roadblock for the project as a whole. Being a good team member means keeping up with other team members as well as reaching out for advice or assistance when needed so as not to impede the development process on a larger scale.
